Scary Halloween tales and spooky campfire stories to tell out loud. Halloween is a terrifying
time of year and everyone should have their own tale of horror to share at parties or around
the bonfire.

Halloween Tale – The Abandoned Factory
-----------------------------------------
Four girls were walking home from a Halloween party in 2002. They were walking by an old
abandoned factory that stood next to a field. The factory was said to be haunted and many
people in the area refused to set fott inside the factory grounds. When they got to the middle
of the field, one of the girls said it would be fun to explore the old factory. The other girls
were scared at first, but eventually one of them agreed to do it just for fun so they could tell
their friends at school about it. Two of the girls climbed over the fence and the other two girls
waited outside for them. After about twenty minutes had passed, the two remaining girls started getting worried. Suddenly, they heard blood-curdling screams coming from inside the
old factory. It sounded like their friends. Terrified, the two girls ran all the way home. The
two girls who went into the factory were never seen again. Today, the factory still stands they
say that if you dare to enter the grounds on Halloween night, then you too will vanish, never
to be seen again.

Halloween Tale – The Bus Driver
--------------------------------
On a dark Halloween night in 2003, a bus driver was traveling down a deserted street, when
he saw a beautiful young woman at the side of the road. He halted at the bus stop and she
climbed on board. The woman took a seat at the back of the bus and stared straight ahead.
When the bus driver looked in his mirror, he noticed that the woman was staring directly at
him, never blinking. But when he looked back over his shoulder, the woman was sitting with
her back to him. The driver began to get really creeped out. he couldn’t understand what was
going on. Then, he came to the end of his route. It was the last stop and he pulled over and
opened the doors of the bus. The woman didn’t get out. She just sat there, motionless, with
her back to him. The driver walked towards the back of the bus and saw that the woman was
covering her face with her hands. He tried talking to her, but she wouldn’t answer. He took
hold of her arms and tried to make her show her face. The woman refused and struggled out
of his grip. Finally, she spoke. “You will not like what you see”, and suddenly, she dropped
her hands and turned. Her face was horribly disfigured. Lumps of flesh were falling off and
her skeletal face could be seen beneath. It is said that they found the bus driver the next
morning, lying unconscious outside the bus. He spent 2 weeks in a coma, and when he
awoke, he had lost all control of his senses. They put him in a mental institution and this is
the story he told from his cell.

Halloween Tale – Cemetery Garlands
------------------------------------
It was Halloween night in 2004 and a young boy was being picked on by his brother and
some older kids from school. They dared the young boy to go into the graveyard at midnight
with a bunch of garlands and place one on each of the gravestones. Not wanting them to
think he was a coward, the young boy accepted the challenge. It was a moonless night and
the inside of the cemetery was pitch black. The rusty gates of the cemetery opened with a
creak and the boy cautiously entered. He looks at his watch. It was midnight. The witching
hour. Clutching the garlands tightly, he made his way to the middle of the graveyard. He was
shaking with fear, but he tried to steady his nerves. He was afraid that if he returned without
completing the task, the older boys would laugh at him. Moving slowly through the
cemetery, he got the distinct feeling that someone or something was watching him. Finally,
he managed to place each garland on a gravestone and his task was complete. “Well,that’s all
of them”, he whispered to himself. Just then, he felt a cold hand on his shoulder as a voice
hissed “You forgot mine.”


Halloween Tale – Cemetery Garlands
--------------------------------------
It was Halloween night in 2004 and a young boy was being picked on by his brother and
some older kids from school. They dared the young boy to go into the graveyard at midnight
with a bunch of garlands and place one on each of the gravestones. Not wanting them to
think he was a coward, the young boy accepted the challenge. It was a moonless night and
the inside of the cemetery was pitch black. The rusty gates of the cemetery opened with a
creak and the boy cautiously entered. He looks at his watch. It was midnight. The witching
hour. Clutching the garlands tightly, he made his way to the middle of the graveyard. He was
shaking with fear, but he tried to steady his nerves. He was afraid that if he returned without
completing the task, the older boys would laugh at him. Moving slowly through the
cemetery, he got the distinct feeling that someone or something was watching him. Finally,
he managed to place each garland on a gravestone and his task was complete. “Well,that’s all
of them”, he whispered to himself. Just then, he felt a cold hand on his shoulder as a voice
hissed “You forgot mine.”


Halloween Tale – The Man In The Mask
---------------------------------------
On Halloween in 2006, my family and I went into the city because my mom had bought a car
and she needed to make a car payment to the dealer. We decided to take my little sister and
her friend trick or treating out there. My mom made her payment and my sister and her friend
were trick or treating. It was getting late so we decided that was enough. We had along drive
back home. We ate at a fast food burger joint and began the long drive home. When we were
on the freeway, a car was driving right next to us and the driver was wearing a mask, staring
right at us. Everybody started to get scared. He was keeping up with us and had his head
turned sideways staring for about 10 minutes. Then he just turned and looked ahead and
drove past us.
A year later, in 2007, I was driving home one night. Again it was Halloween. I was with my
little brother whom i took trick-or-treating, we stopped to get something to eat, and we were
on a freeway with LOTS of other cars. one happened to pull up beside us while we going
about 60 mph. it was a guy in a ski mask he just stared at us for 10 min without even turning
head! and we were going fast too! finally he turned his head and sped up past us to the next
victim.

Halloween Tale – Mass Murder
-----------------------------------
On Halloween night in 2008, there was a mass murder. The police were called and two
homicide detectives went to investigate the horrible crime. Trying not to tread on the bodies,
the police took pictures of each one. One policemen saw something on the opposite wall but
he couldn’t read it. He walks over to it and sees what looked like the numbers “7734”, written in blood. When taking pictures of this he turned his digital camera upside-down and
showed it to his partner. When he pointed with the hand that the camera was in, he
accidentally took a picture of the upside-down numbers. The policeman was about to delete
the picture when he realized something. The numbers were now a word. The word was
“hELL.”

Halloween Story – Trick Gone Wrong
------------------------------------------
On Halloween in 2009, two boys wanted to play a prank on the people in their neighborhood.
There was a small road that ran right next to the cemetery. They decided to climb two trees
that stood opposite each other. Then they both held eaither end of a fishing line and stretched
it across the path. When someone came walking down the path, the boys pulled the fishing
line tight and it would know the hat off anyone who was passing by. Their first victim came
down the path and they pulled the fishing line. The man’s hat was knocked off and he ran
away, terrified. Pleased that their prank had worked, they decided to do it again. They saw a
tall black shadow approaching and lay in wait. The kids got ready and when the shadow
passed, they pulled on the fishing line with all their might. Then they heard a ripping noise
and saw a severed head rolling along the ground.