The Halloween Mask is a scary story about a boy who wants to impress all his friends with a
scary costume at a Halloween party. Things don’t work out as planned.

There was a boy named Lenny who really loved Halloween. It was his favorite holiday and
he always tried to celebrate it in style. Every year, he would save up is money and buy the
best mask, the best costume, the best decorations.

This year was no different. Lenny was getting ready to go to a Halloween party at his friend’s
house. He got dressed up in a shaggy black coat, big black boots and a long, flowing cape.
Then, he put on his Halloween mask and admired himself in the mirror.

It was the scariest, most hideous mask he had ever seen. He was sure that everyone at the
party would be terrified when they set eyes on it. He would be the envy of all his friends.

When Lenny turned up at his friend’s house, the party was already in full swing. He could
hear the dull sound of music coming from behind the door. He rang the doorbell and his
friend answered it. She greeted him and ushered him inside.

He looked around the living room. Some people were dancing and others were talking,
laughing, drinking and nibbling at the buffet. There were witches, ghosts, skeletons, vampires
and zombies. None of the masks were very scary. Lenny was sure he had the best one.

He stood there and waited for someone to comment on his mask, but nobody paid any
attention to him. He was disappointed. Wandering around the room, he tried to give everyone
a good view of the mask. He wanted them to be scared. He wanted to cause a stir.

One girl tapped him on the shoulder and started talking to him.

“Hey, who are you supposed to be?” she asked.

Lenny tried to reply, but he found he couldn’t move his mouth. The mask felt too tight. He
was embarrassed, so he turned away and went into the kitchen to get himself a glass of
Halloween punch.

He tried to pull off his mask so he could take a drink, but it wouldn’t budge. It seemed to be
stuck fast to his face. He pulled and tugged on it, but no matter what he did, he couldn’t get it
off. Lenny was starting to get worried.

It was hot inside the house and Lenny could feel himself sweating under the mask. He
needed to get it off. He needed to get it off NOW.
Grabbing a knife from the kitchen drawer, he went into the toilet and locked the door behind
him. He looked in the mirror and started scratching and tearing at the mask, but it really hurt.
It was as if the mask was firmly stuck to his skin.

Getting desperate, he took the knife as sliced into the mask, cutting off little strips of rubber
and tossing them into the sink.

Gradually, a queue formed outside the toilet and people started getting impatient, knocking
on the door and calling out, “What’s going on in there?”

Lenny was in a panic and he tried peeling off the rest of the mask, but it stubbornly stayed in
place. He couldn’t understand what was wrong.

What if it won’t come off, he wondered. What if it’s stuck on my face forever?

He began hacking at the mask with the knife again and ripping off little bits.

More and more people were banging on the door. “Come on!” they shouted. “What are you
doing in there?”

From inside the toilet, they heard Lenny shrieking, “It won’t come off! My mask! It won’t
come off!”

The people gathered outside the toilet gave each other worried looks.

One of the girls was puzzled. “Mask?” she said. “But he wasn’t wearing a mask…”