                            
Child’s Eyes is a very short tale of horror about the things that lurk in the dark. The things
that adults can’t see.

Through the eyes of a child, the world is very different. Every child has a fear of what is
lurking under their bed. They fear what is hiding in the closet or peeping in at them through
the little crack in a door that’s standing ajar.

A doctor would tell you that children are much more perceptive than adults. Their eyes are
able to see the things that an adult’s eyes cannot see. When you grow up, you become blind
to the dangers that creep and crawl through the darkness. Children can see what is truly there.
They see the monsters.

If you were to look, for just one night, through a child’s eyes, you would know what true fear
really is. If you were able to see again the things you only dimly remember from your
childhood, imagine how terrifying that would be. Can you remember those sleepless nights,
burrowing under your covers, shaking and shivering in the darkness, afraid to move, afraid to
make a sound, afraid to breathe?

Those are the nights that adults forget. The nights when you would cover yourself completely
with your blankets, so that the monsters couldn’t see you. The nights when you would hold
your breath, so the monsters couldn’t hear you. The nights when you would lie as still as
possible, so you wouldn’t attract their attention. I know you remember those nights.

The only thing that would protect you was light. Bright light. You slept with the light on.
That made it safe. That meant they couldn’t get you.

Teenagers are caught in the middle. They still sense that something is there in the darkness,
but they try to convince themselves it’s just their imagination. They’re embarrassed to sleep
with the light on. Teenagers have forgotten that light is the only thing that can keep them
away.

While you’re sitting there in front of your computer, do you think that the light from your
monitor will be enough to keep them away?

Sorry. It’s not.

Now look behind you with a child’s eyes and try not to scream.
