Flickering Lights is an urban legend about a woman who is disturbed by reports of a crazy
person on the loose and the lights flickering in her upstairs bedroom.A few years ago, there was a lady who lived near a mental hospital. One night, she was at home watching TV, waiting for a phonecall from her brother. He was flying into town to meet her and was going to call when his plane landed.

It was a very stormy night. Suddenly, the television program was interrupted by a news
bulletin. The news reader said that a crazy woman had escaped from the local mental
hospital. They doctors said that the crazy woman was very dangerous. She had killed 12
people before she had been caught and sent to the mental institution. They also said she was
obsessive compulsive and was obsessed with light switches.

The woman was distracted by her phone ringing. It was her neighbor from across the street.
He told her that her upstairs lights in one window kept flickering on and off. The lady
thanked for letting her know and hung up the phone.

She thought it was probably just an electrical problem, but she decided to go upstairs and
check, just in case. In the darkened hallway, through the crack under the door, she saw that
the lights in one bedroom were indeed flickering on and off. Gripping the door handle, she
opened it cautiously. The room was empty. The fan in the room was on and it was blowing a
coat hanging beside it. The coat kept knocking the light switch on and off. Relieved, the lady
turned off the fan and went back downstairs.

A few minutes later, there was a knock on her door. It was her neighbor again. He told her
that the lights upstairs were still flickering on and off, but this time it was in a different
window. Together, they went upstairs to check it out. When she opened the door of the room,
the lady found it empty. The lights were off. Her neighbor stepped into the room and began
switching the lights on and off again and again.

At this point, the lady decided that her neighbor must be imagining things, so she thanked
him and escorted him downstairs. After he left, the phone started ringing. Her brother called
to tell her he had arrived at the airport.

“You don’t need to pick me up””, he said. “I’m getting a taxi. I’ll be there in about half an
hour.”

Then, on the line, she heard a raspy female voice say “I’ll see you soon.”

