The Girl in the Photograph is a creepy story about a boy who finds a picture of a beautiful
girl and becomes obsessed with her. After doing some research, I’m pretty sure this was
originally a Japanese or Korean urban legend.

One day, a boy was sitting in his classroom in school. He was extremely bored and was
waiting for the school bell to ring. When he looked out the window, something caught his
eye. There was a photograph lying on the grass outside.

When school was over, he ran outside and picked up the photograph before anyone else had a
chance to see it. Turning it over in his hands, he realized it was a picture of an incredibly beautiful girl. She was wearing a white top, a short, black skirt, black tights and black shoes.
For some reason, she was holding up two fingers.

The girl was so pretty that he wanted to meet her. He showed the photograph to everyone in
the school and asked if they knew her. Unfortunately, nobody recognized her.

That night, when he went to bed, he placed the photo on his bedside table and went to sleep.
Around midnight, he woke up. There was something tapping on his window. Then he heard
what sounded like someone giggling. More than a little frightened, he worked up the courage
to investigate it. He jumped out of bed, went over to the window and opened it. There was
nothing there.

The next day, he showed the photo to his friends and neighbors and asked if they knew the
mysterious girl. Everybody he asked said they had never seen the girl before in their lives.

That night, as he lay in bed, he heard the tapping sound again. He looked out the window and
could just make out a figure standing on the other side of the street. He couldn’t be sure, but
it looked like the mysterious girl in the photograph.

Clutching the picture tightly, he threw on his clothes and raced downstairs and out the front
door. As he crossed the road, he forgot to look both ways and was suddenly hit by a car. The
driver got out of the car and ran over to help the boy, but it was no use. The boy had been
killed on impact.

The driver noticed something clutched in the boy’s hand. It was a photograph. Turning it over
in his hands, the driver realized it was a picture of an incredibly beautiful girl. She was
wearing a black top, a short, black skirt, black tights and black shoes. For some reason, she
was holding up three fingers.