The Postcards is a creepy story about an irresponsible young man who kills a young boy in a
traffic accident.

There was a young man who was very reckless and foolish. Sometimes, for fun, he would
take his father’s car without permission and go out driving around the area even though he
didn’t have a driving license.

One day, he was driving too fast and, as he came around a corner, the car ran up on the
sidewalk. He knocked down a woman and her young son. The mother was badly injured, but
her little boy was killed on impact. Her son bled to death as she held him in her arms.

The young man was arrested by the police and charged with reckless driving. He claimed he
wasn’t guilty, even though he knew the accident was his fault. His father even hired an
expensive lawyer and tried to have the charges dropped.

In court, the judge said that the man could avoid going to jail if he paid a lot of money to the
mother as compensation for the loss of her son. The young man happily agreed.

However, the mother unexpectedly refused to accept any payment.

“No amount of money is going to bring my son back again,” she said. “There is something
else I want you to do for me instead.”

The young man was eager to avoid going to jail, so he agreed to do anything she asked.

“My request is very simple,” said the mother. “Once a month, I want you to send a postcard
to yourself. That is all.”

The woman gave him a bundle of postcards. Each one had a stamp on it. She had even
written his name and address on every postcard.

“Please don’t write anything on them,” she said. “Just send them as they are.”

The young man happily agreed to her conditions. He was relieved that he could get away
without being punished.

There were 60 postcards in total. If he sent one to himself every month, it would take five
years.

Not long after that, the young man got a job and tried to put the accident behind him.
However, he kept his promise and, once a month, he mailed one of the postcards to himself.

At first, he didn’t mind having to do it, but every time he sent a postcard, it reminded him of
the accident. He began to regret that he hadn’t just paid the woman compensation so he could
forget all about it.

Gradually, the young man came to hate having to mail himself a postcard every month. He
hadn’t seen or heard anything from the boy’s mother since she gave him the bundle of
postcards. He decided that she wouldn’t know whether he was sending the postcards to
himself or not, so he stopped sending them.

One day, the young man took the remaining postcards and decided to get rid of them by
burning them in the fireplace. However, when he picked up the postcards and held a lighter to them, he noticed something strange.

to them, he noticed something strange.

It read: “Die, Murderer!
