The Twin Boys is a creepy story from Mexico about two young boys who are badly behaved
and get a nasty surprise when they dare to disrespect the dead.

In Mexico, there was a small town that had a population of less than 500. It was the kind of
small town where everyone knew everyone else by name and everybody knew everybody
else’s business.

In this town, there lived two young boys who were twin brothers. Their mother never
disciplined them and the two boys were constantly misbehaving. Everyone in town knew of
them and they were nicknamed “The Evil Twins” because they were always the cause of
everything bad that happened there. They were even suspected of killing some of the cats and
dogs in the village, but the police could never prove it.

One Sunday, an old man died in his home. While the priest and the undertaker were outside,
waiting to transport the body to the cemetery, the twins peeked in the back window. When
they saw the corpse, they immediately wanted to take a closer look.

The twin boys didn’t care about disturbing the dead, so they broke into the house and started
playing around with the corpse. One of the boys moved its mouth like a puppet while the
other poked its eyes out with a stick.

While they were playing, the twins heard footsteps. Afraid of getting caught, they put the
corpse back in the coffin, but they couldn’t find a place to hide. Just as the priest was opening
the door, the boys jumped into the coffin with the dead body and closed the lid.

The priest and the pallbearers carried the coffin to the cemetery, where the funeral was being
held. They noticed that the coffin was heavier than usual, but never bothered to look inside.

Nobody realized that the twins were missing until the coffin was being lowered into the
grave. That’s when the mother of the twin boys appeared at the cemetery and asked if anyone
had seen her sons. The funeral was halted and all the people began searching the area.

Some of the men recalled the weight of the coffin when they had been carrying it and said
that the boys might have hidden inside. The coffin was lifted out of the grave and the men
opened the lid.

Some of the men recalled the weight of the coffin when they had been carrying it and said
that the boys might have hidden inside. The coffin was lifted out of the grave and the men
opened the lid.