Mirror Mirror on the Wall is a collection of spooky short stories and creepy little tales about
mirrors. Looking at your own reflection for too long is unsettling, but realizing your
reflection has a mind of its own is simply terrifying.

Bedroom Mirror
--------------------
A man was awakened by a clap of thunder. He lay in bed, looking at the shadows cast in his
darkened bedroom. He was looking at the mirror on his bedroom wall, when suddenly, a
flash of lightning illuminated the room.

The man was terrified. For a split second, he had seen faces staring at him from inside the
mirror, their eyes blackened, their mouths hanging open.

Unsettled, by the weird apparition, he was unable to sleep for the rest of the night. His mind
kept replaying the memory of those disturbing faces staring at him intently.

The next morning, he removed the mirror from his bedroom wall and locked it in a storage
room. The next night, he slept like a baby. Days passed and the memory of those horrible
faces began to fade.

One morning, he woke up and went into the bathroom to take a shower. He got out of the
shower and was drying himself with a towel, when he happened to look up at the bathroom
mirror. The steam from the shower had fogged up the mirror and revealed a message written
in the moisture.

It read: “Please return the mirrors. We miss watching you sleep at night.”


Bathroom Mirror
--------------------------
A man was taking a shower in his bathroom. He was reaching for the towel when he saw
something in the bathroom mirror. It was a strange shadow and as soon as he laid eyes on it,
it darted out of his line of vision. He stared at the mirror for a while, trying to figure out what
he’d seenr. When he began to dry himself again, out the corner of his eye he saw another
shadow flickering past in the mirror. He walked towards the mirror , put his hand against the
glass and began rubbing it.

When his wife arrived home, later that evening, he was nowhere to be found. After searching
the house from top to bottom, calling her husband’s name, she became very worried. The
only trace she could find of him was a wet towel lying on the bathroom floor. She phoned the
police and reported her husband missing.

Two days later, the man’s wife disappeared too. It appeared that she had just suddenly
vanished. The clothes she had been wearing that day were lying on the bedroom floor and the
shower in the bathroom was still running. Police found her handprint on the bathroom mirror.
Neither the man nor his wife have been seen since.

House of Mirrors
--------------------------
Somewhere in America, there is a house that at one time was owned by a family of five.
Nobody really knows what happened to them. Their neighbors said they were a completely
normal family. One night, loud noises were heard coming from the house. When the
neighbors came to investigate the strange sounds, they found all of the windows locked and
all of the curtains drawn. The following day, the house was empty. Since then, nobody has
lived in that house, but some people have gone inside. In every bedroom, there is a mirror facing the corner of the room. If you turn the mirror around, it won’t show your reflection.
The area you’ll be standing in will be inexplicably empty. They say that on rare occasions,
you will catch a glimpse of the person who used to sleep in that room, horribly mutilated and
bandaged from head to toe…

Cleaning a Mirror
-------------------------------
One night, a woman was brushing her teeth before going to bed. Looking into the mirror, she
noticed there were smudges all over it. Looking closer, she saw that it was covered in
fingerprints. She took a towel and tried to rub them off. No matter how hard she tried
cleaning the mirror, the fingerprints would not disappear. Upon closer inspection, she
realized that the fingerprints were on the other side of the glass…

Mirror Handprint
-------------------
As a man got out of the shower in the house he owned, he saw a child’s handprint on the
steamed glass of the mirror. The man lived in the house by himself. Frightened, he tried to
wipe the handprint off, only to find that the print was on the other side of the mirror…

The Note on the Mirror
----------------------------
A man woke up one morning to find a note taped to his bathroom mirror. “Don’t worry, I
took care of everything,” it read. His clothes had been freshly laundered, his bathroom was
spotless and his garage has been organized. Even his old, rusty toolbox had been replaced
with a shiny new one. Later that week, there was another note on his bathroom mirror. It
read: “GET OUT OF TOWN.” Beside the sink, he found several grainy photos of police
officers in a taped-off section of a field. One of them was wearing latex gloves and he was
examining an old, rusty toolbox.

Toilet Mirror
---------------------------
An old man was in the bathroom, taking a poop on his toilet when he noticed a dark black
stain on his mirror. He reached out an scratched at it. A small circular piece of mirror fell to
the floor. There was an eye behind it, a dark red eye staring directly at him. Ever since then,
the old man keeps the bathroom door securely locked and poops in the kitchen sink.