Satanic Spells is a creepy story from the Czech Republic. It’s about two girls who find an old
book that deals with satanism and black magic. When they try to cast one of the spells, things
go horribly wrong.

One night, a young girl named Anezka picked up the phone and called her best friend,
Klaudie.

“My parents are going out tonight,” said Anezka. “Can you come around ten o’clock?”

“That’s great,” replied Klaudie. “I’ll bring the book with me. Bye!”

Anezka put the phone down and went to her bedroom to prepare for the evening. The two
girls were planning something very dangerous.Both of them had always been interested in black magic and the occult. Only a few days
before, Klaudie had found something very interesting at the local rubbish dump. It was a
large, heavy book, bound in leather and filled with countless pages of archaic writing.

It was not just any book. This book contained instructions on satanism, devil worship, arcane
occult rituals and how to cast black magic spells. For Anezka and Klaudie, the idea of being
able to cast spells was very attractive. They had been dying to try it for some time. When
Klaudie found the satanic book, the two girls decided to follow the instructions and attempt
to summon the devil to do their bidding.

Shortly after Anezka’s parents went out that night, Klaudie arrived. It was a few minutes
after ten and the girls climbed the stairs and went to Anežka’s room. They were shaking with
anticipation.

Following the instructions in the book, they closed the windows and pulled the shades, so
that the room was in complete darkness. In the middle of her bedroom, Anezka had set up a
little wooden table. Around it, she placed lighted black candles. Klaudie lay the open book on
the table. The girls sat across from each other and joined hands. Staring into the book, they
began to read in unison:

“In nomine Dei nostri Satanas Lucifer Excelsa! In the name of Satan, ruler of the earth, the
King of the world, who commands the forces of darkness, we beg you to put your infernal
power in our hands! Spread wide the gates of Hell and come forth from the abyss to greet us
as a brother and a friend!”

A light breeze blew through the room and the girls exchanged worried looks as they
continued.

“Grant us the power that we seek! Grant us the pleasures that we seek! Indulge our every
whim and make our dreams come true! We invoke your name and demand that you show
yourself! We renounce God and worship only you, O prince of darkness! You who reward
evil and punish goodness! Hear our plea!”

The gust of wind grew stronger and shook the room, even though the windows were all
closed. Klaudie was trembling. She tried to let go of her friend’s hand, but Anezka held her
tight and continued chanting.

“By all the demons of Hell, we demand that all of the things we mentioned shall come to
pass! We speak your name!”

A cold wind began turning the pages of the book. Klaudie broke away from Anezka’s grasp.
Then, as if on cue, the wind ceased and the book abruptly snapped shut. Both girls screamed
in fright.

“This is too much, Anežka!” cried Klaudie. “I’m going home. I’m Afraid. I don’t like this!”

“I’m scared too, Klaudie!” Anezka replied. “But isn’t this what we wanted… what we
planned? After all, it was working. If you didn’t pull your hand away, we might have made
contact.”

“I don’t want to do this anymore!” Klaudie whined. “It was fun in theory, but I never
believed any of it was real. I’ve got a bad feeling about this. I’m going home. It’s over. Bye,
Anezka. See you tomorrow.”

“And what about the book?” Anezka demanded.

“You can keep it,” replied Klaudie. “I don’t want it anymore.”

Klaudie grabbed her coat and made her way downstairs to the front door. Anezka followed
her, begging her to stay, but she refused. She did not have far to go, just down the street, past
the pond and she would be home.

Anezka said goodbye and shut the front door. Then, she went slowly back to her room,
turned on the light and blew out all of the candles. She opened the curtains and placed the
satanic book beside her bed. She lay down and looked at the clock. It was eleven. She closed
her eyes and fell asleep.

Klaudie was hurrying towards her home. As she passed the pond, she felt something behind
her and spun around. There was nobody there, but she felt as if she was being watched from
afar. Scared, she screamed with horror.

That night, Anezka had a very disturbing dream. She saw Klaudie lying in a ditch near the
pond. Her head was resting at an odd angle and there were bruises around her neck.

Anezka woke up in a panic and screamed out for her father. He rushed into her room and
tried to comfort her.

“Relax girl,” he said in a soothing voice. “It was just a bad dream. Go back to sleep. In the
morning you will have forgotten all about it.”

“Please, Dad,” she cried. “Can I sleep with you and Mom tonight? I don’t want to be here
alone. Please?”

“Well, OK… Come on then,” her father replied as he took the frightened Anezka in his arms
and hugged her tightly. She looked at the clock. It was almost 2 AM.

Just then, the phone rang. Anezka picked it up and heard a faint voice on the other end.

It was Klaudie.

“Beware Anezka. Be very careful, or what happened to me will happen to you as well…”

That was the only thing she heard before the line went dead.

“Klaudie!” she screamed desperately. “Klaudie!”

“Calm down, Anezka,” said her father. “What happened?”

“I don’t know, Dad,” she replied. “I don’t know, but I’m afraid. I’m afraid for my life.”

Anezka was overcome by fear and desperation and began to cry.

“Don’t worry,” said her father as he rubbed her shoulders. “Go to sleep and tomorrow, you’ll
see, everything will be OK.”

He took Anezka to his bedroom and she lay down in the bed between her father and mother.
Soon, she fell into a peaceful sleep.

In the morning, her father was awoken by the terrified screams of his wife. opening his eyes,
he was horrified to see his daughter lying dead beside him. Anezka’s body was stiff and her
throat was black and blue. She had been strangled. He began to scream and cry.

Hours later, Klaudie’s lifeless body was discovered in a ditch near the pond. She had also
been strangled. Police estimated her time of death as being around 11:15 PM the night
before.
