Mirror Stories is a collection of creepy, disturbing and mind-bending stories involving creepy
mirrors and scary reflections.

Hand Mirror
-----------------
Go to any mirror in your home and put place your hand against the glass. Wait until you feel
it. Sometimes it takes a long time. Sometimes it only takes a moment. When you feel it,
you’ll know. You’ll suddenly pull your hand away in horror. Something is behind the glass,
wriggling against your skin. It can’t hurt you. But now you know it’s there…

The Mirror’s Reflection
---------------------------
For centuries, people have been suspicious of mirrors. They say you should be very wary of
your reflection. Try sneaking into a darkened room and peeking at the edge of the mirror. If
you’re quiet enough, you can catch a glimpse of your reflection getting ready.

The next time you’re alone in a room with a mirror, get a ruler and turn down the lights.
Stand in front of the mirror and quickly grab a random strand of your hair. Measure it. Then
look at the strand of hair your reflection is holding. It is not the same length.

You’ve just outsmarted your reflection. Don’t ever turn your back on your reflection again.
Now, it knows you’re on to it, there’s no telling what it could do.

Mirror Theory
-----------------
What if there are two sides to every mirror. What if your reflection wants to keep you on
your side? What if you are able to climb through a mirror, but your reflection keeps standing
in front of you, blocking your way? Try to touch the mirror without your reflection touching
the same place. Maybe the cold surface isn’t the mirror you are touching, but the cold flesh of
your own reflection, pushing back, keeping you inside. Think about that. Maybe you are the
reflection.

Staring Back at You
-----------------------
Have you ever really looked at yourself in a mirror? Have you ever stared into the eyes of
your reflection and wondered what it is thinking? It may sound absurd and ridiculous. It’s
just your own reflection, isn’t it? So, why does it make you uncomfortable? When you look
at yourself in a mirror, why do you get the feeling that someone is watching you? You
automatically trust your reflection because it looks like you. It seems like it couldn’t do you
any harm. It uses that to put you off your guard. Take a closer look. If you move suddenly,
you will notice that your reflection is always a split second behind. Its reactions are quick
and it anticipates your every move, but its not quick enough. When you notice this
irregularity, do not give it any sign that you saw it make a mistake. Just walk away and act as
if nothing happened. Now, you have the advantage.

Your Reflection
---------------------
Does your reflection copy you, or do you copy your reflection? Every morning, you wake up,
walk into the bathroom and stare at yourself in the mirror. No matter what you do, your
reflection has no choice but to mimic your every action. It does this every day, over and over.
Have you ever thought about how much your reflection must resent you? One morning, you
will awake as usual and when you go to the bathroom, your reflection will pick up a pair of
scissors. This time, you will be forced to mimic its actions. It grips those scissors tightly in its
fist and you do the same. On this particular morning, entirely against your will, your
reflection will force you to plunge those scissors directly into your eyes. You will scream and
your reflection will scream too. Just remember, your reflection can mimic your actions, but it
cannot mimic your pain.

Mirror People
----------------------
The people in the mirror are always watching you, studying your every movement. They
know everything about you… Your favorite food, the way you part your hair, your favorite
clothes, your first crush, even what you had for breakfast. They never forget any detail. They
can’t afford to make a mistake. They are jealous of you. They want to be you. They are
waiting for the day when they can switch places with you. They will emerge and take over
your life while you are banished to the other side of the mirror, where you will watch them
with your nose pressed up against the glass as they live your life. Never trust your own
reflection. It’s the only thing in the world that could seamlessly replace you.

Mirror Escape
---------------------
You wake in the morning and roll out of bed. Making your way to the bathroom, you take a
look in the mirror. Your reflection stares back at you. After you finish showering, you dry
yourself and return to your bedroom. While you are getting dressed, something disturbs you.
You hear a strange noise coming from the bathroom. Glancing across the hallway, you can
just make out a dark silhouette in the bathroom doorway. You barge into the bathroom, but it
is empty. The air is still heavy with condensation. For a split second, you notice something in
the corner of your vision. A shadowy figure just slipped out the door. You rub the fog off the
mirror and stare into it, but there’s nothing staring back.