Tale of Terror – The Faceless Nun
----------------------------------
There was a Catholic school that was rumored to be haunted. One day, a teenage girl stayed
late after classes had ended to finish some schoolwork. As she was walking down the
deserted hallway, she passed an open classroom. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught
sight of a figure standing in the classroom. She walked back and peeked in the door. There
was a nun standing there, scribbling on the blackboard. The nun suddenly turned to face her
and the girl gasped in fear. The old woman had no face. Her features were smooth like an
egg. The teenage girl screamed and fled in horror. She had seen what was written on the
blackboard. In scrawled, spidery handwriting were the words: “HELP ME I AM IN HELL.”


Tale of Terror – The Quiet Student
-------------------------------------
In a girls’ school in the Philippines, it was the first day of the semester. The girls were all in
their classroom and getting used to their new desks. When the school bell rang, the teacher
walked and introduced himself to the class. Then he started to do the roll call, trying to make
sure all of his students were present. When he had finished, he noticed that there was one girl
whose name had not been called. The girl was dressed in a white shirt and jeans and was
sitting in the front row, directly across from his desk. He asked the girl if she was in the
wrong classroom. She didn’t answer and just stared at him with a blank face. He repeated his
question and she remained motionless. Suddenly, he noticed that the girl was bleeding from
her forehead. The entire class screamed as the girl stood up, walked right past the teacher and
disappeared straight through the blackboard.



Tale of Terror – The Haunted Bathroom
----------------------------------------
There were three boys in a certain school who were always causing trouble. One day, the
three friends were hanging out in the hallway at lunch time. They saw a girl go into the
school bathroom and decided to play a trick on her. They locked the bathroom door and stood
outside waiting to see what would happen. A few minutes later, they saw the doorknob turn,
then it began to rattle. They heard the girl’s voice calling out. They chuckled and didn’t
answer her. She began knocking on the door and begging to be let out. They just stood there,
laughing and teasing her as she pounded on the door.

After a minute or two, the girl started crying and screaming at them to unlock the door. The
three boys felt guilty and decided to let her out before they got in trouble. One boy unlocked
the door and waited, but the girl didn’t open it. “It’s open!” he shouted, but there was no
answer. The boys opened the door and looked inside. The bathroom was completely empty.
They checked all the cubicles and called out the girl’s name, but there was no response.
There were no windows in the bathroom and the only way out was the door.

By this time, the three boys were very creeped out. They ran out of the bathroom and down
the hallway. They found the girl standing outside the front door of the school, talking to a
teacher. When they demanded to know how she got out of the bathroom, she was puzzled.
“But I didn’t go to the bathroom today,” she said.


Tale of Terror – The Man in the Bathroom
------------------------------------------
There was a young girl who was sitting in class one day. She desperately needed to go to the
toilet and, after class finished, she rushed out into the hallway. When she got to the girls’
toilet, she went inside and saw that all of the stalls were empty. She went into the first cubicle
and locked the door behind her. As soon as she pulled down her underwear and sat down on the toilet, she heard a strange noise. She looked down and was shocked to see a pair of men’s
shoes standing right outside her cubicle door. The polished, black shoes were just standing
there, perfectly still. The girl was frightened. Why was a man in the girls’ bathroom and why
was he standing so close to her cubicle door? He seemed to be waiting for her to finish, but
all of the other cubicles were unoccupied. The girl began to get very frightened and the hair
on the back of her neck stood on end. Suddenly, the girl looked up and screamed. There was
a freakishly tall man, peering over the top of the cubicle door and leering at her with a
sinister smile.


Tale of Terror – The Poop in the Bathroom
--------------------------------------------
One evening, a school janitor had just finished cleaning the bathroom. He was about to lock
up the building when one of the teachers came hurrying down the hallway and asked if he
could go inside to use the toilet. The janitor agreed and waited outside the door for the
teacher to finish. A few minutes later, the teacher came out. The two men said goodnight to
each other and the teacher walked off down the hallway. The janitor went into the bathroom
to make sure it was clean before he locked the door. He was horrified to find that all of the
tiled walls and floors were covered in streaky brown handprints. When he looked closer, he
saw that it was poop. He ran off down the hallway and when he caught up with the teacher,
he confronted him and demanded to know why the teacher had smeared poop all over the
bathroom. The teacher was indignant and said he didn’t know what the janitor was talking
about. The two men argued for a while and eventually, the teacher got fed up and turned to
leave. As he walked out the door, the janitor was shocked to see another brown handprint on
the back of the teacher’s white suit.



