The Hook (or The Hook Man) is a scary urban legend about a boyfriend and girlfriend who
park in a deserted Lovers’ Lane one dark night.

One summer night, a teenage boy was going out on a date with his new girlfriend. He picked
her up at her house and they drove out to the edge of town. They parked the car in a secluded
spot that was a well-known Lovers’ Lane.

As they gazed out at the lights of the town, the boy put his arm around the girl and switched
on the car radio so they could listen to some romantic music. He leaned over and the young
couple began kissing and cuddling. Just as they were getting into the mood, the music
suddenly stopped and a news-reader’s voice came on the radio.

“This is an emergency announcement. Earlier tonight, a crazed murderer escaped from the
state mental asylum. Police are warning citizens to be on their guard since the patient is
considered armed and dangerous. The insane killer is nicknamed “The Hook Man” because,
after he lost his right hand in an accident, it was replaced with a steel hook. Everyone in the
area should be on the lookout for a man fitting this description. If you see anything
suspicious, you should report it to the police immediately.”

The girl became frightened and asked to be taken home. She knew that the state insane
asylum was not far from the Lovers’ Lane. She was also worried that the remote area where
they were parked was the perfect spot for a deranged madman to lurk.

The boy was feeling brave and assured his girlfriend that they were perfectly safe. He locked
all of the car doors, then tried to kiss her again. The girl became frantic and pushed him
away, insisting that they leave immediately.

In a huff, the boy slammed the car into gear and spun its wheels as he pulled out of the
parking space.

On the way back to town they both calmed down, but the girl still held on tightly to her
boyfriend.

When they pulled up outside the girl’s house, the boy got out of the car and walked around to
open the door for his girlfriend.

For a long time he just stood there, staring at the door. At first the girl couldn’t figure out
what was wrong; then she realized that her door was still locked. She smiled and unlocked it.Still, the boy just stood there.

The girl was puzzled and rolled down her window. Then she saw that the boy was staring
down at the door handle. Slowly, she looked down herself and began to scream
uncontrollably.

There, hanging from the door handle, was a bloody, stainless-steel hook.
