Abigail is a spooky true ghost story about a little girl who lost her life in the 1800s. They say
her ghost haunts the Spooner House in Plymouth, Massachusetts.

Many years ago, there was an 8-year old girl named Abigail Townsend who lived in The
Spooner House in Plymouth, Massachusetts. Her father was a fisherman and he was away at
sea most of the time.

Abigail never had a good relationship with her mother, but whenever her father left, things
got much worse. Her mother became very abusive and Abigail always feared her father
leaving because she was afraid of what her mother might do.

One day, Abigail’s father failed to return from one of his fishing trips. Abigail’s mother
blamed the poor girl for her father’s dissappearance and took her anger out on the child.

One night, poor Abigail died under mysterious circumstances. Her mother said that it was a
bad tooth that killed her daughter. She claimed that Abigail’s toothache turned into an
abscess and the infection spread throughout the child’s body, killing her.

Many people refused to believe her story. They suspected that Abigail’s mother had brutally
murdered her own daughter, stabbing the little girl to death in a fit of rage.

Ever since that time, the ghost of little Abigail has haunted one of the upstairs bedrooms in
the Spooner House. Many people claim to have seen her ghostly figure peeking out of the top
window and playing with the window shutters.

The Spooner House is now a museum. In 2005, a group of workers were hired to do some
renovations on the house. When they knocked on the door, it was opened by a little girl in an
old-fashioned white dress. Later on, when the manager arrived, he was shocked to see the
workmen already inside and asked who had let them in.

They shrugged and said, “The little girl did.”

“What little girl?” asked the manager.

They searched the entire house from top to bottom, but there was no sign of any little girl.
The workmen were so spooked and they gathered their tools and quit on the spot.

One woman, who used to live in the house next door, said she woke up one night to find
Abigail standing at the foot of her bed.

According to the legend, if you stand in the street in front of Abigail’s house and say
“Abigail, come play!” you will see the ghostly figure of the little girl standing in the upstairs
window.
