The curse of the Crying Boy Painting. In 1988, a mysterious explosion destroyed the home
of the Amos family in Heswall, England. When firemen sifted through the burnt-out shell of
the house, they found a framed picture, entitled ‘The Crying Boy’, which was a portrait of an
angelic-looking boy with a sorrowful expression and a tear rolling down his cheek. But the
picture was not even singed by the blaze.

Not long afterwards in Bradford, there was another blaze, and again a picture of the crying
child was found intact among the smouldering ruins. The head of the Yorkshire Fire Brigade
told the national newspapers that pictures of the weird Crying Boy were frequently found
intact in the rubble of houses that had been mysteriously burnt to the ground. Journalists
asked him if he thought that the picture was evil and could somehow start the fires, but the
fire-chief refused to comment.

The reports of the unlucky painting causing fires are still occasionally reported; there was a
Crying Boy picture found at a gutted house in Dublin in 1998, but no one as ever found out
just who the child is in the supposedly cursed painting. One well-respected researcher into
occult matters, a retired schoolmaster from Devon named George Mallory, claimed that to
have uncovered the truth in 1995. Mr Mallory claimed he tracked down the artist behind the
controversial portrait: an old Spanish postcard artist named Franchot Seville, who lives in
Madrid. Seville said the Crying boy was a little street urchin he had found wandering around
Madrid in 1969. He never spoke, and had a very sorrowful look in his eyes. Seville painted
the boy, and a Catholic priest said the Boy was Don Bonillo, a child who had run away after
seeing his parents die in a blaze. The priest told the artist to have nothing to do with the
runaway, because wherever he settled, fires of unknown origin would mysteriously break out;
the villagers called him ‘Diablo’ because of this.

Seville ignored the superstitious priest and looked after the boy. The paintings of the little sad
orphan made Seville fairly rich, but one day, his studio was mysteriously burned to the
ground. Seville was ruined, and he accused the little Don Bonillo of arson. The boy ran off
crying, and was never seen again. Then, from all over Europe came the reports of the
unlucky Crying Boy paintings causing blazes. Seville was also regarded as a jinx, and no one
commissioned him to paint, or would even look at his paintings. In 1976, a car exploded into
a fireball on the outskirts of Barcelona after crashing into a wall. The victim was charred
beyond recognition, but part of the victim’s driving licence in the glove compartment was
only partly burned. The name on the licence was one 19-year-old Don Bonillo; could this
have been the same Don Bonillo who had been the subject of the Crying Boy painting eight
years earlier? We will probably never know, as no friends or relations ever came forward for
the body.