The Hunting Knife is a spooky ghost story about two friends who go hunting in the woods.
When only one of the comes back, police become suspicious. This story is based on an old
American folk tale.

There were two men who owned a cabin in the woods. Their names were Barry and Conklin.
Every Winter, they would go up there hunting deer, bear and coyote. They spent weeks up
there in the cabin, just the two of them and everybody assumed they were the best of friends.

One day, Conklin came down out of the woods alone. He said his friend Barry had gotten lost
out there in the wilderness. A search party was sent back up into the woods to find him, but
there was a snow storm and they couldn’t find any trace of the missing man.

The police thought there was something fishy about the whole business. Conklin got very
nervous flustered when they asked began asking him questions and they suspected he wasn’t
telling them the whole story. However, they didn’t have any evidence against him. They
didn’t even have a dead body to prove a murder had actually been committed, so they had to
let him go.

Then, the Spring came and the snow melted. A hunter came across a corpse lying at the base
of a tree. It was Barry and his his skull had been bashed in. Still, the police couldn’t prove
anything. He could have fallen and hit his head. He could have been killed by a bear. After an
autopsy, the coroner listed his death as being “from cause or causes unknown.”

Beside his corpse, they found his rifle, which was all rusty. Strapped to his leg was a sheath
for his hunting knife, but the knife itself was missing. Nobody thought much about that at the
time.

The next Winter, it was hunting season again and Conklin went back up to the cabin. This
time, he had a new friend with him, a man named Newcombe. It was a long hike and when
they reached the cabin, Newcombe decided to go to bed early.

In the middle of the night, he was awakened from a deep sleep by the sound of a man
screaming. It sounded like Conklin’s voice and he was screaming, “Don’t do it! Don’t do it!”

Newcombe jumped out of bed and felt around for a flashlight. When he switched it on, his
eyes were greeted by a horrible sight. There was
Conklin, sitting in his chair. He was dead and there was a hunting knife sticking out of his
chest. Blood was pouring down into his lap and forming a pool on the floor. His eyes were
wide open and his face was twisted in a grimace of abject horror.

The one thing that puzzled the police was what they found when they examined the hunting
knife. There was only one set of fingerprints on the handle and the man they belonged to had
been dead for a year. They belonged to Barry.